English easy practice.
>> Hey, Mary, are you almost finished with
a project?
>> Not yet, John. I still have a few things
to do.
>> It looks like you're in a hurry.
Easy does it. Okay, we have until
Friday. Easy
does it. A phrase that means to do
something slowly and carefully.
Example,
when lifting a heavy box, remember easy
does it.
Hey Mary, are you almost finished with a
project?
Did John ask Mary if she finished her
lunch?
No, he didn't ask if she finished her
lunch.
What did John ask Mary if she finished
the project? He asked if she finished
the project.
>> Not yet, John. I still have a few things
to do.
>> Did Mary finish the project?
No, she didn't. She still has a few
things to do.
It looks like you're in a hurry.
Easy does it. Okay, we have until
Friday.
Does John think Mary is in a hurry?
Yes, he does. He thinks she is in a
hurry.
What did John tell Mary?
Easy does it. He told her to take it
easy.
When is the project due?
Friday.
The project is due on Friday.
Did John say they will get it done in
time?
Yes, he did. He is confident they will
finish on time.
>> You're right. I just want to make sure
everything is perfect.
>> I understand, but rushing might cause
mistakes.
>> Rushing.
Moving or doing something too quickly.
Example,
she was rushing to finish her homework
before dinner.
You're right. I just want to make sure
everything is perfect.
I understand, but rushing might cause
mistakes.
How does Mary want everything to be?
She wants everything to be perfect.
Does John think rushing might cause
success?
No, he doesn't think rushing might cause
success.
What does John think rushing might
cause?
He thinks rushing might cause mistakes.
Let's take it one step at a time.
One step at a time.
A phrase that means to do something
slowly, focusing on one part before
moving to the next.
Example,
he built the model airplane one step at
a time.
Let's take it one step at a time.
Does John suggest taking it five steps
at a time?
No, he doesn't.
He doesn't suggest taking it five steps
at a time.
Does John suggest taking it one step at
a time?
Yes, he does. He suggests taking it one
step at a time.
>> Thanks, John. I'll slow down and check
my work carefully.
Did Mary agree to slow down?
Yes, she did. She agreed to slow down.
Did Mary say she would check her work
carelessly?
No, she didn't say she would check her
work carelessly.
How did Mary say she would check her
work?
She said she would check her work
carefully.
Good plan. We'll get it done in time and
it will be great.
What did John say about the plan?
He said it was a good plan. He liked the
plan.
Is John worried about the project?
No, he isn't. He is not worried.
Did John say the project would be great?
Yes, he did. He believes the project
will be great.
Hey, Mark. Did you hear about the party
at Jake's house last night?
>> Yeah, I did. I heard it got out of hand.
>> Get out of hand
to be uncontrolled or chaotic.
Example,
the party started well, but it got out
of hand when too many people arrived.
Hey, Mark, did you hear about the party
at Jake's house last night?
Did Anna tell Mark about the party at
Jessica's house?
No, she didn't. She didn't tell him
about the party at Jessica's house.
Whose house was the party at?
It was the party at Jake's house.
Was the party last month?
No, it wasn't last month.
When was the party at Jake's house?
Last night. The party was last night.
Yeah, I did. I heard it got out of hand.
What happened?
Did Mark hear about the party at Jake's
house last night?
Yes, he did. He heard about the party at
Jake's house last night.
Did everything in the party go right?
No, everything in the party didn't go
right.
Did the party get out of hand?
Yes, it did. The party got out of hand.
What happened?
Well, at first everything was fine,
but then more and more people showed up.
Show up to arrive or appear somewhere.
Example,
many people showed up to the party even
though they weren't invited.
Well, at first everything was fine,
but then more and more people showed up.
It got really crowded.
Why did the party get out of hand?
Because more people showed up at the
party.
Did fewer people show up at the party?
No, they didn't. More and more people
showed up at the party.
Did it get really crowded at the party?
Yes, it did. It got really crowded at
the party.
>> It got really crowded.
>> Oh no. Did something bad happen?
>> Yes. People started making a mess.
Someone even broke a window.
Jake was really upset.
>> That sounds terrible.
I guess Jake didn't expect so many
people.
>> Exactly.
He thought it would be a small party,
but when things got out of hand, he
couldn't control it.
>> I hope he's okay now.
Maybe next time he should invite fewer
people.
>> Fewer.
A smaller number of people or things.
Example.
Jake should invite fewer people next
time to avoid problems.
>> Oh no. Did something bad happen?
>> Yes. People started making a mess.
Someone even broke a window.
>> What did people start making at the
party?
People started making a mess at the
party.
Did someone break a door at the party?
No, someone didn't break a door.
What did someone break at the party?
Someone broke a window at the party.
Jake was really upset.
Was Jake pleased about the party?
>> No, he wasn't. Jake wasn't pleased about
the party.
How did Jake feel about the party?
Jake was really upset about the party.
That sounds terrible.
I guess Jake didn't expect so many
people.
Did Jake expect so many people?
No, Jake didn't expect so many people.
Did Jake expect a small party?
Yes, he did. Jake expected a small
party.
Exactly.
He thought it would be a small party,
but when things got out of hand, he
couldn't control it. Could
Jake control the party when it got out
of hand?
He couldn't control the party when it
got out of hand.
I hope he's okay now.
Maybe next time he should invite fewer
people.
Does Mark think Jake should invite more
people next time?
No, he doesn't. Mark thinks Jake should
invite fewer people next time.
What does Mark think about Jake now?
Mark hopes Jake is okay now.
You did amazing.
Do you want to improve your English
speaking skills even more?
Check out our new shadowing course.
It's full of interactive MP3 and PDF
lessons to help you speak with
confidence.
Download the free lesson today. The link
is below.
Remember, repetition is the key to
success in English.
The more you repeat, the faster you
improve.
Watch this video many times. Answer out
loud and you will get better and better.
Finally, let's do shadowing together.
Repeat each line after the speakers.
Try to copy their rhythm, inonation, and
pronunciation.
This will help you sound more natural
and confident.
Hey, Mary. Are you almost finished with
the project?
It looks like you're in a hurry.
Easy does it. Okay, we have until
Friday.
I understand, but rushing might cause
mistakes.
Let's take it one step at a time.
Good plan. We'll get it done in time and
it will be great.
Not yet, John. I still have a few things
to do.
You're right. I just want to make sure
everything is perfect.
Thanks, John. I'll slow down and check
my work carefully.
Hey, Mark, did you hear about the party
at Jake's house last night?
Well, at first everything was fine,
but then more and more people showed up.
It got really crowded.
Yes, people started making a mess.
Someone even broke a window.
Jake was really upset.
Exactly.
He thought it would be a small party,
but when things got out of hand, he
couldn't control it.
Good idea.
Yeah, I did. I heard it got out of hand.
What happened?
Oh no. Did something bad happen?
That sounds terrible.
I guess Jake didn't expect so many
people.
I hope he's okay now.
Maybe next time he should invite fewer
people.
Great job on completing the English
speaking practice.
Keep watching this video every day for
one week and repeat the exercises to see
significant improvements in your English
skills.
Don't forget to like and subscribe for
more helpful content.
Happy learning.
>> Thanks for watching, guys. Now, I
recommend you watch this great video,
too. It will help you to improve your
English skills, and you will love it. I
promise.